# Product-Recommendation-System
This is a group final project of Big Data and Application subject. We were asked to present a research on analysing big data, utilizing all the knowledge introduced during the course. Our group have decided to crawl view product history of an e-supermarket platform and build a product recommendation system in 2 ways: Content-based filtering and Collaborative Filtering.

## About the dataset
This data is internal, belonging to a Central Retail - an e-supermarket platform. My partner works for this company, and was allowed to export the data for this projecct. The data includes the detail of view history of the customer in June/2022. There are 8 variables:
* customer_id: the ID of the viewer
* view_date: formatted dd-mm-yyyy
* sku_id: the ID inventory of the viewed item
* prod_names: name of the viewed item
* normal_price: on-sale price of the viewed item
* type: the category of the viewed item
* brand: the manufacturer of the viewed item
* descrip: the description of the viewed item

*(if you want to use this dataset, please ask me for permission as this data is not for public use.)*
## Workflow:
### 1. Crawl data
### 2. Preprocess data
### 3. Visualized data
### 4. Build a collaborative-filtering recommendation system: 
  * with 2 existing variables: customer_id, sku_id, and a new variable, view_count, calculated by the total amount of times each customer has viewed each product (groupby on 2 columns, count the sku_id column)
  * expected output: a list of maximum 20 recommended products, based on the view history of a customer (5 recommended products for each viewed product), including product's name, sku_id.
### 5. Build a content-based filtering recommendation system: 
  * with 3 existing variables: customer_id, prod_names, descrip
  * encode text data by DistilBert model
  * how the model works: calculate the similarity among products, then 
  * expected output: a list of maximum 20 recommended products, based on the view history of a customer (3 recommended products for each viewed product), including product's name, sku_id.
### 6. Combine 2 models: 
  Use the output list of products generated by Collaborative-filtering model as the input of the Content-based Filtering model. For each product in the input data, the 2nd model generates at least 3 content-based relevant products, basically including product's name, sku_id.

*The report is written in Vienamese. In summary, we have successfully built 2 seperate models. However, at the time we handed in the report, the result when we integrated 2 models was not as relevant as expected, due to the disunity in how we encode the data, causing false reference of the products' information. I am on the way fixing this error, the solution will be updated if successfully.*
